'My bright soul...My beloved father
Dedicate this film to you - Your Pradeep'
Dr Pinto! So how's it going?
Hello Mr Murphy. Come, sit.
I have a bad news.
I don't think this radio will work.
- What?
- All components are wet.
I've spent the last three days
trying to figure it out.
If I had a time machine, I'd have
prevented this radio from getting wet.
So you're thinking about
time travel now, huh!
What choice do I have!
You're adamant about
wanting only this radio.
And I don't want to disappoint you.
I know you want to
give this to your father.
But there are so many radios here.
Why don't you choose any of these?
No...No, Doctor Pinto,
this radio is very special to him
Actually, dad had bought
this with his first salary.
Can you imagine?
Doctor, I know you're the only
person who can fix this!
Please!!
So I must invent a time machine now!
Sir, I didn't mean that, sir.
Come on!
'Anyways, sir...'
'Despite knowing it's fictitious,
I'm asking you this.'
'Time machine and time travel'
'What do you think about it?'
Come on, Mr Murphy. Is there
anything you don't know?
Einstein.
Einstein himself says
that time is an illusion.
I mean the past, present
and future, this won't change.
They exactly play out
as they are designed to be.
Like Krishna says,
in the Bhagavad Gita,
Kalaya Tasmai Namaha.
We have to dance to the whims of time.
For example, this radio.
I think it's done and dusted.
I tried my best.
I don't think this
will work any more.
Its old components are tough to get
I have lost all hopes.
Perhaps, you also can try fixing it?
Sir
Sir, it's working...
Didn't you say the components are wet?
How is this possible, sir?
This is impossible!
Sir, are the mic and transmitters
in the radio emitting this noise?
'Ah, yes. Transmitters
in this are connected.'
And sometimes, because of cross
connection, it makes weird noises.
'Yes sir, you're right.'
Sir, now that it's working,
Can I take it back?
You can take this.
And I'm curious to know
Where and when
did your dad buy this radio?
That's a long story, sir!
I'll introduce him
when you come home.
You can discuss this over a peg!
All right.
Take it for now.
- Yes, sir.
- As I said
I'd like to re-examine later.
Sure, sir. Bye.
Thank you so much!
Welcome, bye
Danny, call!
I'll be back.
'Papa!'
Where are you?
Papa, I'm still out.
I'll be late.
It's raining heavily.
Please convince him, dad.
You always have some
excuse up your sleeve!
- The kids have been waiting to cut the cake.
- I know, papa.
He's been asking
'When will papa come'
Sorry, papa. I'll be back soon.
- Okay, be safe.
- Bye.
Stop...help
'The mind is a little obscure'
'Everything is Perspicuous'
'Holding on to your finger'
'The sough of your compassion'
'The strength I gain when you are beside'
'The day I called you father'
'Everything is Perspicuous'
'Except for your reflection'
'The spark in your eyes'
'The sonorous voice'
'A joy to be around you'
'I Reminisce everything'
'Apart from your latent image'
'If time can lapse back'
'And rewrite the fate'
'How joyous it is to meet you again!'
'No...'
'My covet makes no sense'
'Our story has no conclusion'
'but just prelude'
'The mind is a little obscure'
'Murphy'
"Our family"
"Our rules"
"In this tiny little home"
"Our happiness"
"Our sadness"
"Everything is here, within the walls"
"A beautiful girl from the home town"
"Enticed me"
"Now we have our children
filled in our home"
"And I am going crazy"
"but I still want one more"
"Our family"
"Our rules"
"In this tiny little home"
"Our happiness"
"Our sadness"
"Everything is here, within the walls"
(Radio song stops)
(Radio Starts Playing Again)
(Radio Song Stops)
How do you pretend like
nothing's happened, Richie?
For the past 20 years
I've seen it malfunction
Did you ever let me touch it, even once?
Now if I want to repair it,
what's your problem?
I'm an electrical student.
But what's the use, Richie?
Richie, I'm talking to you.
Please respond!
I can hear you.
You're right.
But...
I'll tell you something.
What he needs is
not your electrical degree.
It's love.
And I am here to give him that love
So don't worry about it.
It's better if you
mind your own business.
Correct, Richie.
Why should I worry about it?
To you, he's a son.
But is not a father to me, isn't it?
And you know what, Richie...
I miss him too...
David!
How many times have I told
you not to enter this room!
Why did you come here?
Why are you
still standing here?
Get lost!
Go out!
David
'David!'
David!
You hug me despite slapping you.
How shameless of you!
Go say that to someone
who has some shame.
If you get to know
what I've got
you will forget
that you slapped me.
What's that?
Radio manual.
The amount of challenges
I faced to find this for you!
Even if a child reads this,
it will understand the content,
and assemble the radio
as easy as a toy!
he's put every detail in it
with figures, Mr. Lays Charles!
It's not Lays or Kurkure.
Louis Charles.
Consider it a print
mistake while talking.
Kindly adjust.
It won't work out Alex.
For 20 years, Richie hasn't even
let you touch that radio.
So you're worried how
he'll allow you to repair it now.
I have a plan for it.
Tell me Richie's daily routine.
Why? Don't you know?
I want to hear it from you.
What else routine will he have?
At 10 am, he leaves the house.
At 10:30 am, he's at Tony uncle's cafe.
He leaves the cafe at 4:30 pm
and comes home at 5 pm.
What if he comes
before 5 pm tomorrow?
Good question.
In case, Richie comes early
I have an idea to avoid him.
I shall park my bike
near your house.
Richie has to pass your
home on the way to ours.
When he spots my bike there,
he will assume I'm in your
house and come there.
As per the plan.
The moment he comes there,
you give me information.
And until I tell you,
keep Richie there.
Okay?
Rest will work wonders. Trust me.
Okay. Done!
Hello!
Once you're old, that's it, my dear
There won't be any pick up!
Cheers!
It's a joke, man
Will it rain?
Looks like it, Richie.
- Hand me the umbrella.
- Messi, give it.
- I better go before it rains.
- Yes, see you.
(Doorbell)
Jessie...
What are you doing here?
I'm here to see Richie.
Is he there?
No.
I'm coming after so long,
and he's asking why I'm here. Karma.
After all these days she had
to come today itself. My karma!
David's bike.
Okay
Even if my planning goes wrong, I knew
Richie's timing won't be missed for sure.
Sorry, David...mission abortion
- Jessie! One moment.
- Hey, give it here
'Dear Mr Murphy, congratulations.
Your plan is working out.'
'As you predicted, Richie has come
to my house in search of you.'
'Currently, he's batting.'
'Please finish your antics fast,
or else it will be game over for you!'
Richie is coming home.
Jessie, the radio has to be
repaired at any cost today.
Please, I'll explain later.
It might rain any moment.
- David!
- You leave now, please!
I just got here.
I'm not going anywhere.
Jessie, please!
No!
Please!
The umbrella is by the door.
Take it!
Richie, where are you off to?
Let's watch the match.
I'm not interested, man.
Richie, the match...
Richie, that umbrella looks like
the one you have at home.
There must be 1000 such in the village.
Are they all from my home?
No, Richie. Look, it is
definitely from your home.
- Jessie!
- And who's holding that umbrella?
That's not from your home!
Is that our Jessie?
Jessie!
Richie
There maybe many lookalikes
of our Jessie in this village!
Can all Jessies be our Jessie?
Ok, let it go.
David's bike is here.
Where's he? At home?
'This oldie asks such tough questions!'
David's bike is here.
Where's he? At home?
I'm asking you the same!
'What shall I say?'
Yes. No way! No!
- Either say yes. Or no.
- Jessie is home.
- Don't say both!
- David isn't home.
- Richie! I'll get the umbrella back for you
- Get lost!
Hey, is it ready?
'David.'
'Tell me correctly.'
Was he in the army or the CID?
"Richie the tiger"
"Richie the hunter"
Hmmm...
So...
She had come here.
Who, Richie?
I know.
I know you won't tell me anyway.
Richie, I really don't know
who or what you're talking about.
I was working in the garden
when it started to rain.
And then the doorbell rang and
you both were standing there.
What happened?
Let me tell you something.
We live in a very small town.
Everyone knows everyone here.
Should something go wrong,
will you take responsibility for it?
'Can we live with
dignity after that?'
Forget about us.
Have you ever thought
of that girl's future?
Richie, what nonsense
are you talking?
You think we're small kids?
Or do you think
we're irresponsible?
Richie, we're all grownups!
And we very well
know what we're doing!
You're all grownups now.
If that girl's father gets
to know she had come here...
If he does, it's fine, Richie.
So what? I'll handle it.
I'll do something.
I don't see any problem here!
So, she did come here!
And you?
'Were you waiting on them?'
Are you a security guard for them!
Idiot!
Security guard? Me?
It's useless talking to you.
I know how to take
control of the situation.
I shall go meet her tomorrow.
Give me the duplicate
key of the house.
From tomorrow, I will drop
and pick you up from college.
Enough, Richie!
What did you just say?
You'll control everything?
What do you take us for?
You think I'm a radio
which you can control?
He'll drop me and
pick me up it seems!
I'm not a child to do that!
Nor are you my father!
- You're not my father!
- 'David!'
And, in fact you
can never be one!
Shucks!
David!
Richie...
Hi, David!
My boy.
Alex!
Hi, Jessie.
Sorry...
What happened, David?
What's the matter, dude?
Just tell me!
What do you call
someone who unites lovers?
They call him messenger of God.
Isn't it?
You know what Richie
called me for uniting them?
What did he say?
Security guard it seems.
He called me a security guard!
You united them both?
Yes, exactly.
You are a security guard, dude!
For sure a security guard!
- Hey, stop it you both.
- David.
Why are you so worried?
You know Richie, right?
You can't change
what has happened. Drop it!
No, Jessie.
Somehow we managed it so far.
Now it's destroyed!
David, look here.
Listen to me.
In fact, you did all of this
to give it as a gift to Richie, right?
But now, don't feel
bad about it, David.
Before he discovers
that the radio is conked,
it's better you apologise
and tell him the truth.
'Maximum, what can happen?'
He might get angry and
not talk for a few days.
I'm sure he'll forgive you.
Besides, there's no shame
in asking Richie for forgiveness.
'The heart needs to mend quickly'
'We are the blind horses'
'While only memories ride our back'
'Neither we are stepping back'
'Nor are we lamenting'
'We are just running breathlessly'
'Clinging on to the bygones,'
'we have forgotten
those who are here for us.'
'to talk a little'
'Need to equip'
'The heart needs to mend quickly'
'We are the blind horses'
'While only memories ride our back'
Richie...
Shucks!
Dammit!
'Alex you fool! Bloody fool!'
Richie will kill me
'Hey! Is he crazy?'
'He's switched it on and
is screaming like a mad man!'
'You and your radio!'
'We're getting late for practicals.'
'It's the last day to submit our project.'
'And today is physics practicals.
Your favourite!'
'Hey, but it's not him today.'
'- It's Lawrence sir today.
- If he doesn't come, will you bunk?'
'Do I have to get dressed to see Lawrence?
I'm sorry. You guys go.'
'Okay! Bye.'
Can you hear me?
Hello?
'Who are you?'
'I...I'm Janani.'
'So did you hear
everything I said?'
'Must have been a cross connection.'
'Strange, isn't it?'
'Who are you?'
'- What's your name?
- Nanda? (mine?)
Mr Nanda.
- Sorry, I kept blabbering.
- No!
My name is David.
'Ho...Ok.'
Actually, it is quite strange.
'These cross connections happen
only with devices in one's area'
By an chance,
are you from my area?
'Your area? Which one?'
Aldona.
'Hey! I live in Aldona!'
Really? No wonder!
That's why the cross connection!
In a strange way,
to get connected.
Anyway
By the way, what do you do?
'I'm doing my Bachelors at Aloysius.'
Wow!
Which department?
'PCM, 2ND YEAR.'
Ok, I don't know what to say...
You know what?
I'm your senior.
I'm in third year Electricals.
So your name is Janani, right?
Can you tell me your full name?
'Janani Chandrashekhar'
Miss Janani Chandrashekhar
Are you sure you're from PCM?
Because, I have some friends in PCM.
But I've never heard
them mention you.
'Really?'
'Even I've never heard of you.'
'Are you sure you're
from this college?'
I think there's a lot of confusion.
Can we catch up?
Can I get your number?
'I knew it the moment you asked,
'where are you from,'
'which department, let's meet and
now finally phone number.'
'What next? Love?'
'- The moment it's a girl...'
- Hello, I have a girlfriend.
She's very beautiful
and I'm sorted.
I'm not looking to
make friends with you,
or falling in love.
Not interested!
It's a cross connection, yes.
And we are in the same college.
So, I want to see your
radio at least once, please!
If you don't mind.
'Okay. At the college sitout.
Sharp 11 am.'
Done! Thank you.
But how do I identify you?
'Bye!'
Miss Janani Chandrashekhar...
Hello?
Hello!
David!
Je...Jessie!
Why did you come here?
Who else can come into
your life, except for me?
And by the way,
- Isn't your practicals next week?
- Jessie, I was waiting for a girl.
So that's why I was waiting here.
So there's already someone?
Not bad, David!
I just merely teased
you about another girl...
Wow! This is news to me.
- Jessie!
- Good!
What am I trying to say...
and what you are saying,
I have no clue.
What am I talking? Me?
Okay sir, what's madam's name?
- Jessie!
- What's her name?
Jessie, what...
Her name is Janani. But Jessie...
Enough!
I got it.
Leave me!
Janani, listen.
Janani?
- Jessie, let me explain.
- Janani? No, David.
You know what?
Janani. Jessie.
Ah! Women!
'Oh, Mr David!'
'Are you here?'
- I am! Don't you have any humanity?
'- Absolutely no humanity!'
Just because
I respect you as a girl...
You make a girl wait and play a joke!
What kind of
a person are you, man?
'What kind of a person
are you, Mr David!'
Done? You're repeating
everything I want to say!
- I've been waiting since 11 am!
'- Since 11 am,'
'I've been roaming around
like a fool with this radio!'
Exactly! That's my question.
Actually, I'm angry for two reasons.
One, for making you wait like a fool.
- The other is, all your dialogues were mine!
- Yeah, whatever!
Including the word "humanity."
Janani, tell me correctly.
- Are you really from my college or...
- No!
'Definitely not! You are
not from my college!'
'Because I'm studying
in St Aloysius college.'
'Such a bloody liar!'
I'm lying?
I've been waiting since morning!
And you know what?
I almost broke up with Jessie.
- 'You're the bloody reason!'
- Jessie?
A girlfriend, too?
'You're the only one with a girlfriend.
We're all monks. We too have commitments.'
'I couldn't even go to my department.
I had to meet my lecturer...'
There's no need for this discussion.
Just send me a picture
on Whatsapp. I'll identify it.
'- Huh? What is that?'
- Whatsapp.
On Whatsapp...ok, forget it.
What's your ID on Instagram?
Tell me your Insta ID.
'Whatsapp?'
'What is that?'
'Do you even know
what you're saying?'
God knows what time
& age you're living in!
Whatsapp. Instagram.
You don't even have Whatsapp?
Do one thing. Just ask the person
next to you to install it on your phone.
'Sir'
'I don't want any installment or loans.'
'It's goodbye to you and the radio!'
'Just leave me alone.'
You don't have a phone?
'Yes, the hostel number.
Only the warden uses it.'
I'll give it to you. Have fun!'
Oh god! Feels like I'm talking
to someone in the 90s!
'In the 90s, obviously we'll talk
like it's the 90S. Not the Stone Age!'
Yeah right! And you
want me to believe this!
'Your belief doesn't matter to me!'
'I've been tolerating you for long.
You speak nonsense!'
Are you aware of
what you're saying?
Or have you had a head injury and
woken up from a coma after 25 years?
Ask somebody who is next to you!
'Enough David. I have
heard enough of you.'
'I want to watch the World Cup match.
I have to go. Bye.'
Wait! World Cup?
Betting on the highlights itself!
Super, I appreciate it
'David, stop bullshitting.
You're seriously irritating me!'
'There's a limit to joking.'
'Talking to you, I've
missed half the innings!'
'Please let me go!'
The team has already
won and is back home.
What will you do watching
the highlights now?
Hello, even I know they'll win...
But I want to see my Sachin making us win.
Tendulkar?
He retired in 2013!
Why will he come now and
win the World Cup for you?
Do one thing,
I think you need to
get mentally checked!
- Janani...
- How could you?
Are you crying?
'How could you?'
Okay, listen.
I'm sorry.
'You're making
fun of me, it's okay.'
'But my Sacchu?'
Sacchu?
'Enough.'
'- I can't bear this pain.'
- Janani, listen.
I'm so sorry! Correct.
Whatever you're saying is correct.
Actually, I'm unable to understand.
Okay.
You're watching the match, right?
At least, can you tell
me which one it is?
'World Cup semi finals.
India vs Sri Lanka.'
India vs Sri Lanka.
Highlights, right?
13th March 1996 and it is live!
- Live?
- 'Yes'
'And thanks for making me cry!'
Look
I'm sorry.
Janani, I'm finding it so
hard to believe this...
As much as you being in 1996 is true,
me being in 2024 is just as true.
And I can prove that to you.
'Oh! New story!'
'Let's get it aired
on Surabhi (90s TV programme)'
'For your kind information,
it was not so nice to speak to you, bye'
Janani! One moment, please!
You can erase these 10 minutes
from your life, later. Please!
One last chance, okay?
Janani?
'Yeah...'
Okay, yeah.
'How much longer?'
One moment. The Net speed...
'talking about internet
speed with a pager, karma'
'I have to go'
'David, I can't wait.'
I'm extremely sorry.
In the 34th over,
a fight breaks out.
And the audience
begin to throw bottles.
Keeping all the safety &
security issues in mind,
based on the run rate,
Sri Lanka is declared as the winner.
'What? To hell with you, man!'
What? To hell with me?
Okay.
Miss Janani
Tomorrow same place, same time
you will be back for sure.
And agree to everything I said.
Wanna take a bet?
'Yeah, I'll come running.'
'Keep dreaming.'
I'll be waiting!
'Is she lying or am I delusional?'
Wow!
'In the 34th over, a fight breaks out.'
'The audience will begin throwing bottles.'
'Keeping all safety and
security issues in mind,'
'based on the run rate,'
'Sri Lanka is declared as the winner.'
'David...'
'Richie, good morning.
Where are you? What you upto?'
'I'll be anywhere I want and with whoever
I want. That is none of your business.'
Richie, why are you
getting angry now?
'Are you my father to ask me all this?
You're not my father.'
'In fact, you can never be one.'
Oh! Counter dialogue.
'Janani...'
David, are you there?
'Yeah'
Did you watch the match?
Sri Lanka won, isn't it?
There was a fight, too.
'- Kambli was crying.'
- Yes, I told you!
But, how David?
Because I'm from the future.
But I'm unable to believe you.
I'm scared.
'Janani, why should you be scared?'
Something unique is
happening between us.
Don't you think this is magical?
Don't you think there
is a greater purpose to it?
Whatever the purpose may be,
I'm having a hard
time believing it.
Is this even real
or a mere illusion?
But how?
Janani
How and why it happened is
something even I don't know.
But the fact is that
this has happened.
There's a saying that one must
never question the origins of a monk.
Likewise, let's not
get into the details.
'Even we don't know how long
this radio will function this way.'
'So until it lasts,
let's happily talk!'
The day it stops working,
we will think of it as
a miracle and cherish it.
'Also, there's a terror in my house.'
'It's my grandpa & he should never
get to know about this radio.'
'So we talk between
11 am & 4 pm, okay?'
- 'Okay...'
- Okay...
What next?
Every day, conversations from
the past to the future will be on.
I'll introduce my friends to you.
And you introduce your
friends to me, that's it.
David...
To be honest, I don't have
friends who will believe all this.
And no close friends at all.
I'm actually an orphan.
'Think of me as a lone soul.'
That's okay!
I have a very good bunch of friends
I'll introduce you to them.
And now on you must never
think you have no friends.
That's how I'll treat you!
Let's talk everyday!
What say?
Okay!
So tell me
Is Jessie your girlfriend?
Yeah.
Jessie is my girlfriend.
"O mind, like a flower"
"Journey forth"
"Journey forth with joy"
"O gentle breeze"
"Convey the message"
"convey it softly"
"Journey forth with joy"
"Every day a newness"
"An embrace, again and again"
"Why stand so far away, my dear"
"when I sing?"
'This poem is so beautiful!'
Specially this line
'Nanna Preetige
Ninna Bennu Sothiralu'
So romantic.
Where was this?
I have never seen this before.
I know.
It's beautiful.
Actually, I found it
while cleaning my room.
I didn't want to discard it.
So I have kept it.
Have you ever written a poem for me?
Tell me.
Where should I write it?
On paper or...
"Time..."
"Oh time..."
"remember"
"my friend"
"Time..."
"Oh time..."
"soothe"
"this heart"
- David
- Yes.
I'll tell you something
- 'Hmm...!'
- You will not tell anyone else, right?
Dumbo!
What difference will it make
to you if I tell anyone about it?
You're right.
- David
- 'Hmm...!'
There's a person called Joe.
'Hmm...!'
The first time I saw him,
I could feel some
strong connection.
I approached him
wanting to talk but,
I can't summon
the courage to do so.
Yet, whenever he's around
I feel so happy!
Don't know, David
Okay...
So this great man Joe,
may I know who is he exactly?
Physics
Guest
Lecturer.
Physics lecturer?
Are you serious?
I keep going to him with
an excuse of having doubts,
but I'm unable to.
Because I can't figure
even the P in Physics!
So, Miss Janani
now is your problem Physics,
or the Chemistry with him?
If I flunk in Physics, forget chemistry,
my love story will remain a mystery.
Joe and your love story will not
become a mystery, but create history!
I bet you! Watch out.
David, please David!
Oh my Issac Newton Janani!
I can easily find
the 1996 question paper!
Because I am in the future!
Think about it!
Yes!
"The stars in the sky"
"like us"
"again and again"
"Like the ever-shining love,
we are forever"
"Isn't it beautiful?"
"Time..."
"Oh time..."
"remember"
"my friend"
"Time..."
"savoring every moment"
"soothe"
"my friend"
"O mind, like a flower"
"Journey forth"
"Journey forth with joy"
"O gentle breeze"
"Convey the message"
"Convey it softly"
"Journey forth with joy"
"Time..."
"Oh time..."
"remember"
"my friend"
"Time..."
"savoring every moment"
"soothe"
"my friend"
David...
David, are you there?
'Can you hear me?'
'David, speak!'
'David, I know you're here.'
'Sorry, David.'
'I know you're angry with me.'
'But, I was not in a place
to explain anything to you.'
'I was extremely tensed.'
'However tensed you might be,'
just one small information.
You have no idea about
what I went through!
Except for this radio, I have
no means to talk or even see you!
'How can you
just disappear like that!'
'What should I conclude?'
Joe met with an accident, David.
'But he's fine now.'
'I...I am really sorry.'
'I just blabbered without
knowing the facts.'
It's okay, David.
It's you after all.
Probably if I were in this situation,
my reaction would
have probably been worse.
But, how did all of
this happen, Janani?
All of a sudden, I got to know
Joe is leaving the college.
'We organised a farewell
and gave him a send-off.'
Just after he left college,
I got to know
he met with an accident.
I felt so bad for him.
Before the accident, everyone had
gone to click photos with him.
But I didn't have the guts to
approach him with a sad face.
So I stood behind
a pillar and cried.
'I think he waited for me'
'But I didn't go.'
Had I gone to him then,
he'd have probably
escaped the accident.
It's all my mistake.
Janani, please don't say that.
It's not in your hands!
Okay.
Where is he now?
We took him to the hospital.
Tried calling his parents.
But they weren't in town.
So it was my responsibility.
I had to stay there
and look after him.
- 'You know how it feels...'
- I'm sorry to say this, but
I feel luck took a U-turn
to work in your favour!
So tell me.
Was it just taking care or...!
Shut up!
Nothing of that sort happened.
'I've written a poem for him.'
I've expressed my feelings in it.
I hope he reads it...
Wow! Interesting!
I see that the chemistry has
worked out in your love story!
Okay. Recite your poem.
I'll listen.
I'm feeling shy...
What if you laugh
after listening to it?
I'll try to use it in my love story.
Are you sure?
'If it's nice, I'll definitely use it.'
'David! Come on!'
Sorry! Ok,
Please recite.
"The roaring whispers"
"While I watch over thee,"
"when will thou lead me,"
"asked the roaring whispers."
"Like a shadow that never questions"
"when will I follow thee,
asked the roaring whispers."
"Can I be the melody
of thy laughter"
"for a diminutive epoch
asked the roaring whispers"
"You would shy away at
the very glimpse of his ear mole"
"when will you mutter thy love,
smirked the roaring whispers."
"While I am lost in thy love,"
"when will you lose yourself to me,
asked the roaring whispers"
"When will thee, like every
membrane of thou heart,"
"endear me asked
the roaring whispers"
"When will I like the melting dew,"
"at the ray of dawn flux
asked the roaring whispers."
"Gushing and roaring"
"Paving into the heart"
"Beaming into a smile
Fighting the blush"
"Trembling and tiptoeing"
"Just before returning "
"Shied away beautifully"
"The roaring whispers"
David
'How do you...'
Janani...
'David'
By any chance
is your Joe
Is
Joseph Richard Murphy?
'Yes...'
'But...'
'David, how do you know this?'
'Joe.'
'And...and the poem?'
'I wrote this two days ago!'
'How do you already know it?'
'Oh god!'
'I'm confused.'
'David'
'Please say something!'
'I'm not understanding
what's happening,'
'Don't be quiet, please!'
Janani
The poem you've written
- Is in my hand
- David...
And Joseph Richard Murphy
is my father.
Joseph Richard Murphy is my father.
'David...'
'David, please say something!'
'I am unable to understand
what's happening!'
'Don't be quiet, please!'
Janani...
The poem you've written...
- Is in my hand
- David...
And Joseph Richard Murphy
...is my father.
David...
By saying such things
Please don't pull my leg
You're scaring me.
I'm not pulling your leg, Janani.
Joseph Richard Murphy
...is my father.
Is this the greater purpose
you were talking about?
'Every time I spoke to you,'
I didn't even imagine
that such a day would come!
Why was I so comfortable
while talking to you?
Why did I feel so connected to you?
Why did all of this happen...
I've got the answer today.
'Are you speechless ever since
you got to know you're my son?'
Sorry.
This is how I am when I'm happy.
I keep blabbering nonsense
Janani, you're not my mom.
You're not my mother, Janani.
Enough with your jokes.
I know...
I didn't speak to you
for three days, so...
you must be angry.
'I cannot take it.'
I'm damn serious, there's no way
I'm not your mother!
I know this David!
You're goddamn lying!
Please, David.
You're lying, isn't it?
Okay.
I won't get angry.
Please
Tell me
Her name was Rachel.
My mother.
It was not a happy marriage.
When I was 3 years old,
she left papa and
me for someone else.
Papa looked after me so well and made sure
I never felt the absence of a mother.
All was well.
Me, papa and Richie.
On that day, it was
Richie's and my birthday.
When papa was
returning home with a gift,
he met with an accident.
And he's no more!
He's no more.
I'm sorry Janani.
I'm sorry...
Janani...
Janani...Janani...
"Breath..."
"you tell me now"
"Oh breath..."
"Where is your place?"
"I stood still, crying,"
"before the sea"
"I lost the tears
of my eyes"
"As the sun set"
"The waves were crashing relentlessly"
"Oh breath..."
"you tell me now"
If they loved each other so much,
Didn't she express
her feeling to Joe at all, David?
What would have happened
after they left the college?
And moreover,
why did he marry Rachel?
"The heaviness in the heart, like a cloud"
David!
"Every drop of melody
is filled with worry."
David!!!
What are you upto?
How many times have I told
you not to enter this room!
Why did you come here?
"Like a forsaken boat adrift"
Why are you
still standing here?
Go out!
Get lost!
"When the door of the heart's
dwelling is unlatched"
"when the light fades ahead"
"when the calling voice grows tired"
"and weeps"
"the hand that once wiped away tears
is no longer near"
"as long as I exist"
"the desire to live"
"Before I depart"
"a path that is differ
"Breath..."
"you tell me now"
"Oh breath..."
"Where is your place?"
"The heaviness in the heart, like a cloud"
"Every drop of melody is filled with worry"
"Standing in the scorching wind"
"Like a forsaken boat adrift"
He never confided in me
about this matter.
I too never asked him.
Just once.
Only once,
had he spoken about it to me,
today, he'd have been alive.
He'd have been with us.
I wish I can go back in time,
And change everything!
I miss him a lot!
I miss him, Richie!
Hi...
'Janani...Janani, listen'
'I have a big surprise for you.'
'if you listen to that,
I'm sure you'll die out of happiness!'
'Janani, are you listening?
Yes...
I'm listening.
Your surprise is
already killing me, David,
Every time I see him,
the thought that he
won't survive, that is killing me.
His smile
His soul that keeps
everyone around him happy,
A heart that loves everyone.
I know that it's all short lived now.
That is killing me!
Should I be scared...
Should I cry...
or should I accept it as
my fate and stay quiet?
There's a lot of
unexpected rains these days.
It's the same in my life, too.
Unexpected incidents
keep occurring.
Like the accident and you.
I hadn't thought of this Janani,
I've got a placement elsewhere.
I'm going to miss this place.
Feels rather heavy, Janani.
All these days, I wondered
why I didn't get a job there.
But today...
I don't feel like
leaving all of this behind.
Maybe, because of you.
'The fear that I will lose everything'
'But, now that I know
I will lose it for sure...'
'That is killing me.'
Why...?
Why, David?
'All this...'
'It's killing me'
Sorry
I got carried away
by my emotions.
It's okay if I am not with him,
We must ensure that he's safe.
'David...'
Please help me, David.
I just need one...
one ray of hope!
'I have decided, David'
'if he's not there, I'll live
in the orphanage I grew up in.'
- 'I'll live all my life in his memories.'
-Janani.
Listen.
There is a solution for this.
'Have you ever heard
of the Domino Effect?'
What does it mean?
Like a small incident.
A very small move.
Can prevent an incident
beyond your wildest imagination.
If I have to elaborate this theory,
Just imagine,
playing cards are all lined up,
And if we slightly push the first card,
all the cards will fall in a row.
One after the other.
But if we keep aside
three cards in the same row?
It will stop falling.
Exactly!
Now, this is Domino Effect.
And
to prevent Joe from dying,
we must use this theory.
And only you can do it, Janani.
David...
How is it even possible?
- Besides...
- Janani...
How can I?
Okay
Let me explain this to you.
You said Joe met with an accident
soon after he exited the college.
Do you know how it happened?
He was exiting the gate of the college,
on his scooter, when a car hit him.
Janani, just imagine,
why did the car driver come there?
Let's insert a small reason
why the accident occurred.
Janani, just imagine.
At the farewell party, as he is getting
pictures taken with the staff and students,
Joe searches for you.
After clicking pictures, he waits for you,
but you don't show up, so he leaves.
Janani, instead of
hiding behind the pillar,
had you gone and stood
beside him while clicking pictures,
He'd not have spent time searching for you
and would've left the college early.
Did you understand, Janani?
Just your one move,
as mentioned by you that day,
could have prevented Joe's accident.
Similarly, if you are with him,
you can prevent the accident
that will happen in future,
and avoid his death, isn't it Janani?
Yes
He will not die.
Exactly!
You can stop all the mishaps
from happening to him.
Yes, David.
Then he will have a happy and
beautiful life.
Yes.
That's why, he must be with you.
You must propose to him.
You must marry him.
And you should stay with him forever.
Forever...
Forever!
Yes! Forever.
Janani...
Why are you quiet?
I've made a huge mistake, David.
I'm a mess!
What are you trying to say, Janani?
Joe met me in the morning.
It seemed like
he wanted to say something.
I'm leaving, Janani.
Going to Hyderabad.
I don't know when I'll be back.
Is there anything
you want to say?
About us...
Janani...
I'll be taking the last ferry
at 5:30 pm today.
I'll see you there.
Joe...
Janani!
Jacket.
I'll be waiting, Jenny...
Jenny!
You will come, right?
But
I just didn't realise it.
Pained by the thought of losing him,
I didn't even realise
what he was saying.
He was next to me, David!
I'm such a fool!
Janani, all is not lost!
You still have time.
You just go to him.
No, David.
No.
How can I go?
The way I treated him this morning,
he...
what if he rejects me?
'Janani, you have no idea
how much he loves you!'
'I've read so many letters that
he wrote and couldn't give you!'
It was all you.
It was you everywhere!
you were the only one in his heart!
He was madly in...
He's madly in love with you, Janani!
So Janani, there is a hope.
And you are that hope, Janani.
Go right now and confess
your love to Joe, Janani!
Please go, Janani!
Janani, please go.
Please...
Joe!!!
'Jenny...!'
"Oh cloud"
"to come together as rain"
"You"
"For me, for me, for me alone..."
"Oh, Janani..."
"You are my boon"
"You are my love"
"As the rain descends gently"
"My heart descends with it"
"It melts..."
"The sky has melted"
"it has melted"
"A tender bud has blossomed"
"To touch the shores where sky meets sea"
"Come, let us ascend the bridge of breath"
"To pen the poetry of these droplets"
"The language of longing stands shy"
"As the rain descends gently"
"My heart descends with it"
Good morning, papa.
Here's your coffee.
Breakfast is ready
I have to go to work.
No need, stay back for a while.
Please keep some extra breakfast.
The prospective bride's
family is visiting us.
It's best we find you a bride before you
roam the streets with another girl.
(Doorbell rings)
Excuse me, papa.
Yes, coming.
"To regain the time that slipped away"
"need no world's embrace"
"but yours alone"
"A hand stretched forth
to touch the sky's glowing lamp"
"and the heavens bent to reach this hand"
"To touch the shores where sky meets sea"
"Come, let us ascend
the bridge of breath"
"To pen the poetry of these droplets"
"The language of longing stands shy"
"Oh cloud, to come together as rain..."
Joe, you should be
hugging her, not me!
And listen.
Because I made you a lecturer,
you found such a nice girl.
So Richard Murphy
is always right!
Mark that.
You should have seen Joe!
He was surprised!
Jenny!
Joe!
What are you doing here?
Richard Murphy asked me to hug you.
Oh really?
What else did he tell you?
He didn't but I'm saying,
I love you!
Will you marry me?
David.
Who am I?
And for my sake, you...
I am not finding the words
to express my happiness!
when the life
I dreamt of is in front of me
I don't even know
if it is real or an illusion.
like the words of a wonderful poem
is dancing on the empty canvas,
My heart is dancing with joy!
My life looks complete now.
'And the reason for all this is you, David'
'Not me.'
I've never seen him this happy.
Every time he smiled.
his smile was incomplete.
But today...
'I could see his smile reaching his eyes!'
'Thank you, David.'
You're the best!
Thank you so much.
- Janani.
- Hmm...!
I only have one memory with papa...
Of playing with him at the beach.
Even that memory has faded
Like somebody is calling me from far...
A feeling like I'm drowning in water...
And just as I am drowning,
papa runs to me and reaches out to my hand
And by the time he holds it,
'I wake up.'
Every time, even in my dreams,
I lose him Janani.
You say he's really happy today.
But I'm not lucky enough to see it.
Janani...
If you don't mind,
just once,
only once can I listen to his voice?
Please...
Please?
David.
Just give me a minute.
One moment, please.
Janani, what are upto?
I'm not supposed to be coming here.
David. David.
David again.
'So many posters by the name David?'
'Interesting. Jenny...'
Who is this, David?
It looks like some 'David' is getting
more importance than me!
'Do I need to be worried about him?'
'I like the name David.'
So much?
Yes, you can say that.
You too will like the name
since you're with me.
Do I have any option?
'I will like it.'
'Jenny'
'Had you not been there,'
I can't even imagine my life.
I didn't imagine that papa would
accept you so easily!
I just realised one thing.
'That he loves me a lot.
I had never asked him
for anything in life.
The mistake is mine.
Before I even asked,
he'd have everything ready for me.
'For me'
'he's always been a hero.'
And on how a good father should be,
he has set the best example.
Janani, trust me.
The love and friendship
I will give to our little one,
'and more than all, the faith.'
'That I have got his back.'
'Jenny, my kids are going to
love me more than you!'
'And I'm already in love with them!'
I love you so much.
For making this happen.
I heard that.
Hello
That was him, isn't it?
I heard him.
It was him, right?
Sorry, Richie.
I wanted to surprise you
on your birthday.
but I never thought that
the surprise would be like this.
I didn't believe it at first.
Me being in 2024 is as
true as you being in 1996.
'The roaring whispers'
Beaming into a smile,
fighting the blush.
Who is this David?
Grandpa...
Why did you hide all this from me?
Fear grandpa...Fear...
That you might shout at me
if you get to know.
I was scared.
Sorry.
Sorry. He is sorry apparently!
Does as he pleases and says sorry!
If I'm alive till date,
it's because I see him in you.
Yes, I get angry.
I'm elder.
I will scold you
I hit you
I stop talking
when I'm angry with you.
But have I ever loved you any less?
I don't know what fear he had for me,
He would never share
anything with me.
And now, you too...
I could never tell him this.
Now, I can't even tell him.
But please
Forgive me
if I've done anything wrong.
But never hide anything
from me from now on.
Never.
Who else do I have, except you?
Will Joe really come back?
Yes, grandpa.
He's going to come back.
He is coming back!
Richie, happy birthday to you!
Happy birthday to you too!
"In this time of celebration,
my heart goes ecstatic"
"A right time has struck,
to make my dreams prance"
"And the smile evolved into words at last"
"While the hearts amalgamates in
salutation to you all"
"You are in vortex
when Drawn with familiarity"
"The moment is ours,
When called in reverie"
"Reconciliation is eortless,
when reminisce flow"
"Mogachi"
"O seniorita"
"Reconciliation is eortless,
when reminisce flow"
"mogachi"
"In this time of celebration,
my heart goes ecstatic"
"A right time has struck,
to make my dreams prance"
"And the smile evolved into words at last"
"While the hearts amalgamates in
salutation to you all"
"You are in vortex
when Drawn with familiarity"
"The moment is ours,
When called in reverie"
"Reconciliation is eortless,
when reminisce flow"
"mogachi"
"In this time of celebration"
"My heart goes ecstatic"
'The guest is here'
'Very close'
'yet a stranger'
'Imagination is the only description'
'eyes can't validate'
'So how do I confront him?'
'And what do I call him?'
'The seed of Anxious sowed
long time back'
'Is about to sprout'
'What flower would it be?'
'A surprise or Joy?'
'aeon of riddles
is about to reveal.'
'What would I get?'
'Answers?'
'Or questions?'
'I have no time to think'
'The guest is here'
'Very close'
'but yet a Stranger'
'but yet a stranger!'
Jenny.
You know what?
I just can't wait to start
my life with you.
My family with you.
You seem to have thought far ahead.
Of course.
Remember we spoke
about David in your room?
since that day, that name
has been lingering in my mind.
Can we name our son David?
Somehow from that day,
I feel he's been around
us like a cute cupid!
And he's trying really
hard to bring us together.
I'm just looking forward
to this, Jenny.
Yes.
You've come alone?
Richie?
He's out.
Sorry.
He says he can't bear
to see you like this.
Jessie...
In case I die,
what will you
wear to the funeral?
Gown or a frock?
- What nonsense are you talking?
- Gown.
Wear a gown,
you'll look good.
You'll look good.
You know what?
Actually, you're the most...
most beautiful woman in the world!
Especially when you're decked up.
'Jessie, can you come closer?'
What happened, Jessie?
Jessie, please don't cry.
He acts like that sometimes,
Don't you know that?
Only thing he had
in his mind was that radio!
now, this has happened.
Why did he have to bother
about such things?
He wants to change a story
that happened 20 years ago!
Is he mad?
Does he want to get them married
and then play with their kids?
First of all, if they get married,
how will this guy...
'How will this guy be born?'
'Janani...'
'Finally, it's the day for you, man!'
'I'm so happy for you both.'
'Richie proudly declared last night,'
that his daughter-in-law is
a strong and determined girl.
'As though he found
you for Joe!'
'I'm so happy for my boy!'
Had Richie himself
found a bride for Joe,
he'd not have been
able to find a girl like you.
That's for sure, Janani.
Tony...thank you!
Leave that aside.
I heard that in the future,
a name for a baby boy has been decided.
Joe was talking about it.
What is that?
David.
Yes! David.
'David Joseph Murphy'
So you knew everything all along.
Right?
Yes. Do you think
I'm a fool like you, Jessie!
But why David?
Joe.
Please!
They won't even know the sacrifice
you're about to make!
Stop this right now!
'Jessie...'
'What's your dad's salary?'
'Do you know your college fee?'
'Add to this your daily
expenses, funds for the future'
'your marriage expense.
All this has to be kept'
Tell me what are they left
with in the end after all this?
'Yet, till the end, all they want is
their daughter's happiness.'
'How selfless they are!'
All parents are like that, Jessie.
They make sacrifices,
but never think twice about it.
When they don't think twice,
why should we give it
a second thought, Jessie?
Do you know the consequences
of what you're going to do?
I will be completely
wiped out of everyone's memory.
'Actually, I'm not bad at physics.'
Isn't it?
Shut up!
I have an old, conked radio at home.
Why doesn't that radio
talk to me like yours?
Shall I give you that manual?
Which one?
Lays Charles.
He's Loose Charles.
What you're doing and for whom?
if I don't understand all this,
then who will?
Even I have known
the pain of losing a father.
I know what it feels like!
Whenever I missed him,
I'd take strength from the fact,
that I have you.
What will I do without you!
What's this drama, dude!
I'm going now...
So I'll convey
it to your dad.
My father...
would have already
found someone there by now.
Shut up.
Is he also like you?
He's not like me.
I'm exactly like him.
You're like no one.
You're like a security guard!
I'm asking you again, Richie.
Where is the radio, tell me!
If I'm alive, it means the wedding
hasn't taken place there!
Richie say something, please!
What do you
want me to say?
I'm least bothered about
what's happened there.
You're there with me today
and that's enough for me.
Nobody will mention
that radio again.
That is final.
Shucks!
I failed miserably, Jessie.
They should've got married.
Yes.
They should have got married.
But had they done so,
David wouldn't have existed.
And without David,
there's no Jessie too.
I had decided
in the hospital itself.
If you're not in my life,
I'll do service
at some orphanage,
and dedicate my life
to your memory.
Because,
I'm the happiest only
around you, David.
'If he isn't in my life, I'll live the rest of
my life in the orphanage I grew up in.'
'I'll live the rest of
my life in his memory.'
Jessie.
Will you really join
an orphanage, if I'm not there?
Loving you makes me
feel complete, David.
I don't want anything
if you're not there!
- How could I miss this!
- Huh?
How could I miss this!
Jessie, you know what?
Your love makes me the best.
Neither can I imagine
my life without you.
I'll bring back all
the joys we've lost.
Just give me some time.
'The path is old'
'But the step is new'
'The horizon is about
to touch my hands'
'While the dream has just manifested'
'The wind is old'
'The fragrance is new'
'Every noise is harmonious now,'
'Every minute is a aeon now'
'These words are old'
'But it feels novel.'
'And the longing has
crossed its limits'
'While life somewhere awaits me'
'The path is old'
'But the step is new'
'The horizon is about
to touch my hands'
'While the dream has
just manifested'
Sir, Janani...
- Is there anybody called Janani here?
- No, I don't know.
- Sir, are you sure?
- There's no one, dude!
- Janani Chandrashekhar!
- I don't know who that is, go away!
'Jenny!'
Jenny! Sir, Jenny.
Jenny madam, at this hour?
She already must be
at the bridge by now.
The Ferry Point bridge, my man!
Janani...
Joe...
David.
'Janani, why did you do this?'
'Everything was going well, isn't it?'
'At the last moment'
'Why?'
'Do you know what a fine job
Joe did by selecting you!'
'Because he's someone who
listens to Richie all the time!'
If you guys were
not this determined,
'you would have been in some corner'
'and Joe in another.'
And we...
...would have no dreams in our eyes!
'Relationships are so strange.'
'For a David to arrive,
Joe and Janani had to unite!'
'See, I am so dull in Physics!'
'It's only when Tony spoke
to me that I realised'
'that if I marry Joe,'
'how will you be born?'
It's ok if I don't get Joe,
I wanted to save him from death,
and ensure that you live.
But I couldn't save
him from dying...
'The brief time I spent with Joe'
'is enough for my lifetime.'
Even today for his sake,
I come to the spot
where we lost him.
I don't know...
I wait for him like a mad person.
always in the hope that
he'll appear in some form,
and talk to me!
'Even though you're
not born to me'
The son born just for me
had to live
The wish that I'll
see you, cuddle you
has finally been fulfilled today.
See?
Life does come full circle, right?
Then why didn't
you come all these days?
'How would I, David?'
'I didn't have
the courage to do so!'
'I was the one who left him
at the altar and insulted him.'
'Had I come back, how
would he accept me?'
'And after Tony
spoke to me, I realised'
'The reason David is born is not
because of Joe and Janani,
'It was because of Joe and Rachel.'
'So had I gotten married then,
you wouldn't have been born.'
'And it would've been impossible
to convince everyone about this matter.'
Okay, forget all that.
But I was very confident
about one thing.
I waited for you.
To come someday,
and see me.
and then,
I'll cuddle you
And you'll call me "mom."
That was my wish...
That hope isn't a lie, right?
Mom...
'Janani...'
'Thank you.'
'Joe...'
'I love you.'
'Murphy'